Bloom review (#6)
threerocks-defi/code-review: rate-providers/TBYRateProvider.md

        - any protections? YES 
            - multisig threshold/signers: 2/3
            - trustworthy signers? NO - All non-ENS addresses
                - [ethereum:0x21c2bd51f230D69787DAf230672F70bAA1826F67](https://etherscan.io/address/0x21c2bd51f230D69787DAf230672F70bAA1826F67)
                - [ethereum:0x4850D609D34389F5E3d8A61c41091f2f3de595C3](https://etherscan.io/address/0x4850D609D34389F5E3d8A61c41091f2f3de595C3)
                - [ethereum:0xCe64ACD38C96c3C8ed0522Af01B4fAd082BEaCeF](https://etherscan.io/address/0xCe64ACD38C96c3C8ed0522Af01B4fAd082BEaCeF)
            - rate update protections:
                - Interest rate cannot be less than 0% and has a ceiling of 50%. 
    - source: Chainlink
        - source address: [ethereum:0x32d1463eb53b73c095625719afa544d5426354cb](https://etherscan.io/address/0x32d1463eb53b73c095625719afa544d5426354cb)
        - any protections? NO

- [ ] Price data is expected to be volatile (e.g., because it represents an open market price instead of a (mostly) monotonically increasing price).

>     - While the price data tracks the average interest rate of ib01, the tokens exchange rate will monotonically increase until its maturity date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - While `BPSFeed` tracks the average interest rate of ib01, the token's exchange rate will monotonically increase until its maturity date.
```

# Rate Provider: `TBYRateProvider`

## Details
- Reviewed by: @baileyspraggins
- Checked by: @rabmarut
- Deployed at:

>     - `TBYRateProviderFactory`: [ethereum:0x97390050B63eb56C0e39bB0D8d364333Eb3AFD12](https://etherscan.io/address/0x97390050B63eb56C0e39bB0D8d364333Eb3AFD12)

Reviewer: I think we should add an entry at the end of this section, something like:
```markdown
- Audit report(s):
    - LINK HERE
```

We can include the overall Bloom audit as well as any information about `ExchangeRateRegistry` audits, if they exist. What do you think?
